# I just started!
Here, I am! I finally pushed myself and created a blog! Something that I wanted to do for a long time. I've been pushing back this idea because I was worried that I don't know enough, I have nothing interesting to share, I might make grammatical mistakes, and so on!
I finally ate that frog! I hope I'll be consistent and this won't end up being a one-time writing!
We'll see!
Here, I want to write about my journey when since I started Fastai courses. So far, I've read 2 first lessons. I remember I once started watching its videos before Coivd - I guess in 2019 - but at that point it didn't click with me and I just gave up. During this time, I started some self-taught lessons on deep learning so when this time I reached to fastai lessons, it made much more sense to me.
Anyways, So far I learned how to deploy a model in production. Here, I want to outline a few technical tips for easier deployment. I had to spend 6-7 hours expanded over 2 weeks - mom of 2 with full-time job so not much free time - to figure them out.

## Technical tips to get your model up and running on HuggingFace space using Gradio
* Use venv! For the longest time I was afraid to use venv and I have no idea why. It looked scary to me. But it's not. Use a separate venv for every project.
* To upload your trained model, you need to install Git LFS and initialize it. Then you can use git as you normally would. Just make sure to install appropriate git lfs for your operating system.
* Include the module you need in requirements.txt and track it with git. This way you can destroy your virtual environment and recreat it whenever necessary.
* When coding using VSCode, make sure you are inside your venv. You can navigate to your folder in terminal and use "code ." to open the folder in vscode. Alternatively, you could navigate to you venv using terminal tab in vscode.
